Now, welcome to this lesson, which is the last one before the final project.
Now that you have successfully completed the first three lessons in the course,
as well as the midterm project,
you now know how keypoint matching works and how it
can be used to compute the time to collision.
In this lesson, we will focus on two major aspects.
The first one is you will learn how to combine camera and
light up by projecting 3D points onto the image plane,
then you will average deep learning to detect vehicles in the camera image which is
a mandatory prerequisite for clustering the latter point Cloud into separate objects.
Then the final project,
you will need those skills to code the last part of this course,
which is the actual tracking of 3D objects through space.
In this section, we will start with displaying and cropping Lidar points in
a top view perspective and then look at how to project 3D points onto the image plane.
What you will need is a fair amount of math to
understand all the aspects of the transformation equations.
So you might want to refresh on linear algebra especially matrix-vector operations.
Once you have completed this section,
you can visualize Lidar points within the camera image,
which is a powerful tool when it comes to understanding and performing sensor fusion.
So let's start right away into this last lesson.
See you soon, down below.